on youtube good as the stereo
this dark
one common a good country what we will do
is
knives to lift the cano
jobs he has
good
and we are going to work
the four work has loaded
good once you have lost it
they are going to take everything out
why
they are going to take out the chips
and then good they're going to have to
replace each cable with its respective
color with the sakana
this would be the mass
this gentleman is positive as
distance
good thing if your car comes with this
tab no
they will have to buy
true
that this part is here until this same
here
has for stevia nothing more than they have
cut them in the wires now let's
to do that
well now let's join this and then
with the pliers we are going to cut cable
by cable
sink it
attach the tab
the stereo not that we're going to put good anymore
connect I speak the speaker not the
cut and the united now what would be missing
it's good is positive negative
the yellow with him
with the positive they go together more like there
I have a cable
and good and this is the blue would be the
control that this goes to the power that
makes you pledge the power of the
power but
Negative good, everything is ready
in everything connected this is the control that
He said
that later I'm going to put a power
now like this
as you can see he tended
will come
Sorry for the prolixity, but because
I am alone and good I have things a hand
there
and
I will not put many songs but
because copyright dictates it to me if not
I'm going to put pieces to
so they see that it works
I'm going to ask in good mind and this
I'm going to put here
and will put a cap or an object